---
title: "Get Help"
description: "Get help for Oracle Backend for Microservices and AI"
keywords: "support backend oracle springboot spring development microservices database"
---
If you need help with Oracle Backend for Microservices and AI you can seek help at the following channels:

- E-mail: obaas_ww@oracle.com
- Slack: https://oracledevs.slack.com/archives/C06L9CDGR6Z
- GitHub Issue: https://github.com/oracle/microservices-datadriven/issues

When asking for help please provide the following:

- Which version of Oracle Backend for Microservices and AI are you using?
- Which component(s) do you have an issue with?
- If possible, provide a testcase that shows the issue.

## Diagnostics Collection

Two utilities will help Oracle diagnose and fix issues you may experience. 

### Baseline

The [baseline command (Linux only)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oracle/microservices-datadriven/main/support/baseline) will collect non-sensitive information about your cluster and can be used to compare the current cluster state with a baseline state.  This will help to quickly identify any discrepancies between a stable deployment and the current deployments.

The baseline utility can be run in one of three modes:

#### Gather

`baseline`

This will write out a file `<VERSION>.json` by connecting to a kubernetes cluster and evaluating the current configuration.  Use the `gather` option to establish a baseline of a working deployment.

#### Gather and Compare

`baseline --compare`

This will look for a file called `<OBAAS_VERSION>.json` and write out a new file `<OBAAS_VERSION>_current.json` of the current configuration.  The two files will be compared for differences.

#### Compare

`baseline --compare <baselineFile> <currentFile>`

This will compare two existing files, generated by the utility.

### Cluster Dump

A script is [provided](https://github.com/oracle/microservices-datadriven/blob/main/support/collect-info.sh) which can help to collect information about the configuration of your environment, logs of platform services, and various other information that may be helpful to diagnose and fix issues.   Usage of this script is optional, and you should be aware that it is possible, and likely, that the output of this script may contain private or sensitive information.  If you choose to run the script, you *must* review the contents of the output *before* providing that output to Oracle or anyone else.
